Update SD card advice in logging and general concepts (#3067)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/dev_log/logging.md

## SD Cards

> The maximum supported SD card size for NuttX is 32GB (SD Memory Card Specifications Version 2.0).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this one still applies

Author: @davids5 Can you comment on the current SD spec supported by PX4/NuttX and what this means for the maximum card size?

Reviewer 2: > @davids5 Can you comment on the current SD spec supported by PX4/NuttX and what this means for the maximum card size?

I believe it is 32GB. 

I feel strongly you should not remove that table, But add 4 columns and extend the header  to say |F4 based Flight Controllers| |F7 based Flight Controllers| |H7 based Flight Controllers| - The information is valuable

Then get the some number from the discussion on discord and request some testing to fil it out.

> The **SanDisk Extreme U3 32GB** is recommended as it does not exhibit write-time spikes (and thus virtually no dropouts).

Reviewer: We also use the [Samsung EVO Plus 32](https://www.samsung.com/ch/memory-storage/memory-card/evo-plus-microsd-card-64gb-mb-mc64ha-eu/) successfully.

> The **SanDisk Extreme U3 32GB** is recommended as it does not exhibit write-time spikes (and thus virtually no dropouts).

Author: ```suggestion
The **SanDisk Extreme U3 32GB** and **Samsung EVO Plus 32** known to be reliable cards (do not exhibit write-time spikes, and thus virtually no dropouts))
```

> Logging bandwidth with the default topics is around 50 KB/s, which almost all SD cards satisfy in terms of their mean sequential write speed (many cards, such as the SanDisk Extreme U3, have mean sequential write speed of 2000KB/s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logging bandwidth with the default topics is around 50 KB/s, which almost all SD cards satisfy in terms of their mean sequential write speed (many cards, such as the SanDisk Extreme U3, have mean sequential write speed of 2000KB/s under NuttX).
```

More important than the mean write speed is spikes (or generally high values) in the maximum write time per block (of 4 KB) or `fsync` times, as a long write time means a larger log buffer is needed to avoid dropouts.

PX4 uses bigger buffers on F7/H7 and read caching, which is enough to compensate for spikes in many poor cards.

> That said, if your card has an `fsync` of several 100ms then it is probably unusable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That said, if your card has an `fsync` or write duration of several 100ms it is preferrably not used in a product. 
```

You can check the value by running [sd_bench](../modules/modules_command.md#sd-bench) should be run with more iterations (around 100 should do). 

```sh

> sd_bench -r 100

Author: is this correct?

Reviewer: Yes

```

> This defines the minimum buffer size: the larger this maximum, the larger the log buffer needs to be to avoid dropouts.

Reviewer: For some numbers, on F7/H7 the logger buffer is 64KB, so at 50KB/s, the theoretical max spike for fsync/write time is 1.28s until a dropout happens.
On F4 boards the buffer is around 8KB.

The table below shows the **mean sequential write speed [KB/s]** / **maximum write time per block (average) [ms]** for F4- (Pixracer), F7-, and H7-based flight controllers.

| SD Card                                                       | F4           | F7  | H7  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ | --- | --- |
| SanDisk Extreme U3 32GB                                       | 461 / **15** | ?/? | ?/? |
| Samsung EVO Plus 32                                           | ?/?          | ?/? | ?/? |
| Sandisk Ultra Class 10 8GB                                    | 348 / 40     | ?/? | ?/? |
| Sandisk Class 4 8GB                                           | 212 / 60     | ?/? | ?/? |
| SanDisk Class 10 32 GB (High Endurance Video Monitoring Card) | 331 / 220    | ?/? | ?/? |
| Lexar U1 (Class 10), 16GB High-Performance                    | 209 / 150    | ?/? | ?/? |
| Sandisk Ultra PLUS Class 10 16GB                              | 196 /500     | ?/? | ?/? |
| Sandisk Pixtor Class 10 16GB                                  | 334 / 250    | ?/? | ?/? |

> | Sandisk Extreme PLUS Class 10 32GB                            | 332 / 150    | ?/? | ?/? |

Author: Can I please get some help filling out this table for F7, H7 flight controllers, and also for the Samsung EVO plus 32 on F4?

First number is the mean sequential write speed, second is the average write time per block.

Reviewer: ```
  SanDisk Extreme U3 32GB
  - F4: 1500kb/s / 15 ms
  - F7: 1800kb/s / 10 ms
  - H7: 2900kb/s / 8 ms
  Samsung EVO Plus 32GB
  - F4: 1700kb/s / 10-60 ms
  - F7: 1800kb/s / 10-60 ms
  - H7: 1900kb/s / 9-60 ms
```

Reviewer: These are the spikes. We can also just note the higher value.

Author: Thanks, Happy to keep as is.
